README.md, before:

## _THIS PROJECT IS AN ENVIRONMENT TEMPLATE FOR FUTURE PROJECTS_

## _This project is not in a complete or portfolio ready state, and should not be considered representational of professional work._

# _Application Name_

#### _Brief description of application_

#### _By **Karlson Drendel**_

#### _Table of Contents_

1. [Preview](#preview)
2. [Technologies Used](#technologies)
3. [Description](#description)
4. [Setup/Installation Requirements](#setup)
5. [Additional Setup/Installation Note for Windows Users](#windows)
6. [Specifications](#specs)
7. [Known Bugs](#bugs)
8. [License](#license)
9. [Contact Information](#contact)

## Preview <a id="preview"></a>

* _Direct your browser to a [live version](kdrendel99.github.io/project/index.html) on GitHub Pages._

## Technologies Used <a id="technologies"></a>

* _Babel/core 7.6.4_
* _Babel/plugin-transform-modules-commonjs 7.6.0_
* _Bootstrap 4.5.0_
* _clean-webpack-plugin 3.0.0_
* _CSS_
* _css-loader 3.2.0_
* _eslint 6.3.0_
* _eslint-loader 3.0.0_
* _file-loader 1.1.6_
* _HTML5_
* _html-loader 0.5.5_
* _html-webpack-plugin 3.2.0_
* _JavaScript ES6_
* _Jest 24.9.0_
* _jQuery 3.5.1_
* _Node Package Manager 6.14.9_
* _popper.js 1.16.1_
* _style-loader 1.0.0_
* _webpack 4.39.3_
* _webpack-cli 3.3.8_
* _webpack-dev-server 3.11.2_

## Description <a id="description"></a>

_This is a detailed description of your application. Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does as well as any other information you want users or other developers to have. Balance between a summary of the project and a tame market pitch._

## Setup/Installation Requirements <a id="setup"></a>

* _Open the terminal on your local machine_
* _If [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Nope Package Manager (npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/) are not installed on your local device, follow the instructions [here](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/intermediate-javascript/getting-started-with-javascript/installing-node-js)_
* _Navigate to the directory inside of which you wish to house this project_
* _Clone this project with the following git command `$ git clone <https://github.com/kdrendel99/project>`_
* _Navigate to the top level of the repository with the command `$ cd project`_
* _Recreate project environment and install required dependencies with terminal command `$ npm install`_
* _Create production environment with terminal command `$ npm run build`_
* _Open project in a development server in the browser of your choice with the command `$ npm run start`_
* _Lint code with the command `$ npm run lint`_
* _Run tests in Jest with the command `$ npm test`_

## Additional Setup/Installation Note for Windows Users <a id="windows"></a>

_This environment was created on a Mac. For it to work properly in your local environment make the following change:_
* _Update package.json, line 8 to: `"start": "npm run build & webpack-dev-server --open --mode development",`_

## Specifications <a id="specs"></a>

| Behavior | Input | Output |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| The program should handle... | When it receives... | It should return... |

## Known Bugs <a id="bugs"></a>
* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License <a id="license"></a>
*[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)*

Copyright (c) **_2021 Karlson Drendel_**

## Contact Information <a id="contact"></a>
**_Karlson Drendel [mailto](mailto:kdrendel99@gmail.com)_**

Commit message:

Add 'other' option to return error to user.

README.md, after:

# _Exchange Rate Calculator_

#### _This application uses API's to determine the going exchange rate between currencies, and returns that to the user._

#### _By **Karlson Drendel**_

#### _Table of Contents_

1. [Preview](#preview)
2. [Technologies Used](#technologies)
3. [Description](#description)
4. [Setup/Installation Requirements](#setup)
5. [Additional Setup/Installation Note for Windows Users](#windows)
6. [Specifications](#specs)
7. [Known Bugs](#bugs)
8. [License](#license)
9. [Contact Information](#contact)

## Preview <a id="preview"></a>

* _Direct your browser to a [live version](kdrendel99.github.io/project/index.html) on GitHub Pages._

## Technologies Used <a id="technologies"></a>

* _Babel/core 7.6.4_
* _Babel/plugin-transform-modules-commonjs 7.6.0_
* _Bootstrap 4.5.0_
* _clean-webpack-plugin 3.0.0_
* _CSS_
* _css-loader 3.2.0_
* _eslint 6.3.0_
* _eslint-loader 3.0.0_
* _file-loader 1.1.6_
* _HTML5_
* _html-loader 0.5.5_
* _html-webpack-plugin 3.2.0_
* _JavaScript ES6_
* _Jest 24.9.0_
* _jQuery 3.5.1_
* _Node Package Manager 6.14.9_
* _popper.js 1.16.1_
* _style-loader 1.0.0_
* _webpack 4.39.3_
* _webpack-cli 3.3.8_
* _webpack-dev-server 3.11.2_

## Description <a id="description"></a>

_This is a detailed description of your application. Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does as well as any other information you want users or other developers to have. Balance between a summary of the project and a tame market pitch._

## Setup/Installation Requirements <a id="setup"></a>

* _Open the terminal on your local machine_
* _If [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Nope Package Manager (npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/) are not installed on your local device, follow the instructions [here](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/intermediate-javascript/getting-started-with-javascript/installing-node-js)_
* _Navigate to the directory inside of which you wish to house this project_
* _Clone this project with the following git command `$ git clone <https://github.com/kdrendel99/project>`_
* _Navigate to the top level of the repository with the command `$ cd project`_
* _Recreate project environment and install required dependencies with terminal command `$ npm install`_
* _Create production environment with terminal command `$ npm run build`_
* _Open project in a development server in the browser of your choice with the command `$ npm run start`_
* _Lint code with the command `$ npm run lint`_
* _Run tests in Jest with the command `$ npm test`_

## Additional Setup/Installation Note for Windows Users <a id="windows"></a>

_This environment was created on a Mac. For it to work properly in your local environment make the following change:_
* _Update package.json, line 8 to: `"start": "npm run build & webpack-dev-server --open --mode development",`_

## Specifications <a id="specs"></a>

| Behavior | Input | Output |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| The program should handle... | When it receives... | It should return... |

## Known Bugs <a id="bugs"></a>
* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License <a id="license"></a>
*[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)*

Copyright (c) **_2021 Karlson Drendel_**

## Contact Information <a id="contact"></a>
**_Karlson Drendel [mailto](mailto:kdrendel99@gmail.com)_**
